it's back here and today I have a glitch
for you on transit so what you want to
do is come to the power with a infinite
turbine then you want to place the
turbine by the power room where you have
to for pack-a-punch and this will
permanently open pack a punch so as long
as you don't pick up another turbine
then you should be good by the way you
do not have to throw a grenade at your
infinite turbine if you know that it's
already invincible or infinite but I do
just to make sure because it's always
good just to double check because you
don't want to be wrong and be like oh
well ding now I have to go back and get
another one without like I mean you know
5 rounds into it um so this is just
showing you guys I place the turbine now
I go all the way to town which takes a
little bit by the way if you guys want
to actually see inside the fog go ahead
and look through my videos you should be
able to just type no fog glitch and
you'll find it also if you don't know
how to do the infinite turbine glitch or
the invincible turbine glitch that video
will be in the description and so yeah
so once you get to the power you'll
notice that it opens and then it just
stays open like I sit here and I'm
fast-forwarding at times 6 and by now it
should have opened and closed at least a
few times because the turbine will shut
down and then turn back on and shut down
and turn back on but as you notice with
this it always stays open so it is a
really good glitch for you guys to do
because you never have to worry about
going back to power alright have fun
everyone happy glitching